Update master after blui cli removal (#780)
etn-ccis/blui-doc-it: src/docs/development/frameworks-mobile/react-native.mdx

> The fastest way to start a new Brightlayer UI project is to use the [Brightlayer UI CLI](/development/cli). The CLI will automatically create a starter project for you using the [React Native Community CLI](https://github.com/react-native-community/cli) with all of the necessary Brightlayer UI dependencies pre-configured. To start a React Native project:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The fastest way to start a new Brightlayer UI project is to use our templates. The [React Native Community CLI](https://github.com/react-native-community/cli) will automatically scaffold a starter project for you using the Brightlayer UI templates with all of the necessary Brightlayer UI dependencies pre-configured. To start a React Native project:
```
